# tableau-challenge## New York CitiBikes 20131.1 : This visualization shows the busiest day of the month for the top 10 stations(in terms of number of bikes) . Station "8th Ave W 31st' is the busiest station which has maximum number of bikes starting out of it around 3rd of every month. This might be related to the subscription model where people tend to renew subscriptions once salary gets credited.1.2 : This visualization is trying to find the busiest hour of the day in these stations. One would mostly expect the rush hours which happens in some stations have two peaks at around 8:00 am and 6:00 pm like in the case of "Pershing Square"  but there are also others which have a single peak at  8:00 am like the "8th Ave W31st" and surprisingly some stations such as "Broadway & E22 St" only have an evening peak.1.3 This visualization analyses the contribution of each gender towards the bikes. It is observed that maximum number of men use the bikes around 5 pm in the evening  2.1 : Using Haversine formula the distance between start and end lat-long was calculated to find the average distances covered by each bike. It was observed that E59 st & Sttuton Pl has the highest average distance. 2.2: It was observed that both the genders where driving the bikes for the same average distance2.3: This visualization shows that more men are renting the bikes even though the average distance traveled by the two genders is the same2.4 : Here we try to compare the average trip duration  by the two genders. It can be observed that women have way longer average trip durations. That means they are spending more time on the bike.2.5: This sheet compares the average number of trips amde by the two genders. While a large number of trips do not highlight the gender but in the given data women seem to be making more number of average trips.2.6: Here we are comparing the gender of the total number of subscribers. It is observed that more men prefer to subscirbe instead of taking just random trips. They like to and are more likely to commit to the CitiBike subscription and membership.City Official MapDashboard1 : Busy Station VisualizationsDashboard 2 : Mars VS Venus (Men  VS Women 0Story : This story tries to explore what happens on the busiest station in New York